Welcome to BotNet!

What?! Someone's trying to hack the computer you're trying to hack! The only way
to gain control is to make sure that your largest network of machines is
greater than theirs! 

It is your job to hack into machines and turn them to your side. 
You will spawn viruses at your root machine, and they
will move to other machines and convert them to work for you. Adjacent
machines will group together into a network, your largest network will
reward you with ByteDollars, and the player with the most ByteDollars wins.
You can't spawn Viruses under level 0, and higher level Viruses take more
MachineCycles to spawn. If two of your Viruses have the same level, they can
combine and make a stronger Virues. Move your Virus onto a Enemy Virus to
kill it, and you can have your Virus hack machines in your opponents
network to gain control of his mahines. 

BASIC STEPS TO GET YOUR TEAM STARTED
1) Point your browser to http://r99acm.device.mst.edu
1a) Register youself if you have not already
1b) Create or join a team if you have not already

2) Open PuTTY with your given account username and password. You will want at least 3 instances open to run the clients and server for local testing.

3) Find AI.<language>
3a) Edit the username and password fields to YOUR username and password.

4) Find the submit script
4a) Edit the username and password fields to YOUR username and password.

5) Run the command 'make' in your AI's folder

6) Play versus yourself:
6a) Run the server in the server folder (main.py)
6b) Connect one client with your AI to the server at localhost, taking note of the game number ( ./client localhost )
6c) Connect the other client with your AI to the server at localhost with the same game number ( ./client localhost number)

7) Watch the gamelog the server generated with the visualizer.
7a) Run the visualizer.
7b) Go to File -> Open Game Log...  and browse to the gamelog to play.
7c) Watch the gamelog.

8) To get started coding, read the webserver docs and/or go to the manual.txt file for API information. (API -- Application Programming Interface: the commands you need to use to make your AI go.)
